Tyler: > Hey there
Whit: > hey
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > bye
Tyler: > ra_+e…Ó¯
whit: > ra_+e…Ó¯
±Ö?HÔº™öØ=÷j"TÁ
‹Â;×(7ªÝ
kƒ(Úû*Ëâ
‹Â;×(7ªÝ
£ìÎ’Â¹5‹Ø=÷j"TÁ
·Õ˜{5ÙE5îH›?®Iì§p¹?4iÚŸ•û9÷8ã
ÍDb‡
>1dŠ7	çŒÿtê
>1dk×Œ™¡7«”kz€^sÝò
ÍDb‡
tyler: > hi test
test: > hey there tyler
tyler: > hey test
test: > hi tyler
tyler: > hey joe
Joe: > hey there joe
ty: > hey
ty
scott: > hey
scott
scott: > hey
scott: > hey
scott: > hey
scott: > hey
tywemc@gmail.com: > hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hello
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
CONVO test1@gmail.com
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
tywemc@gmail.com: hey
hey
hey
hi
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hi
hey
hey
hey
whats up
Hey Tyler!
hey
hey
hey
hey
Hey Whit!
hey
whats up
whats up
hey
hey
hey
